Welcome to fastcore
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

Python is a powerful, dynamic language. Rather than bake everything into
the language, it lets the programmer customize it to make it work for
them. `fastcore` uses this flexibility to add to Python features
inspired by other languages we’ve loved, like multiple dispatch from
Julia, mixins from Ruby, and currying, binding, and more from Haskell.
It also adds some “missing features” and clean up some rough edges in
the Python standard library, such as simplifying parallel processing,
and bringing ideas from NumPy over to Python’s `list` type.

## Getting started

To install fastcore run: `conda install fastcore -c fastai` (if you use
Anaconda, which we recommend) or `pip install fastcore`. For an
[editable
install](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35064426/when-would-the-e-editable-option-be-useful-with-pip-install),
clone this repo and run: `pip install -e ".[dev]"`. fastcore is tested
to work on Ubuntu, macOS and Windows (versions tested are those show
with the `-latest` suffix
[here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/specifications-for-github-hosted-runners#supported-runners-and-hardware-resources).

`fastcore` contains many features, including:

- `fastcore.test`: Simple testing functions
- `fastcore.foundation`: Mixins, delegation, composition, and more
- `fastcore.xtras`: Utility functions to help with functional-style
  programming, parallel processing, and more
- `fastcore.dispatch`: Multiple dispatch methods
- `fastcore.transform`: Pipelines of composed partially reversible
  transformations

To get started, we recommend you read through [the fastcore
tour](https://fastcore.fast.ai/tour.html).

## Contributing

### How to get started

Before anything else, please install the git hooks that run automatic
scripts during each commit and merge to strip the notebooks of
suerpfluous metadata (and avoid merge conflicts). After cloning the
repository, run the following command inside it:

    nbdev_install_hooks

To run the tests in parallel, launch `nbdev_test`.

### Did you find a bug?

- Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under
  Issues.
- If you’re unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a
  new one. Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much
  relevant information as possible, and a code sample or an executable
  test case demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.
- Be sure to add the complete error messages.

##### Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?

- Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.
- Ensure that your PR includes a test that fails without your patch, and
  pass with it.
- Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution.
  Include the relevant issue number if applicable.

### Submitting a PR

#### Before submitting a PR, check that the local library and notebooks match.

- If you made a change to the notebooks in one of the exported cells,
  you can export it to the library with `nbdev_prepare`.
- If you made a change to the library, you can export it back to the
  notebooks with `nbdev_update`.

#### PR submission guidelines

- Keep each PR focused. While it’s more convenient, do not combine
  several unrelated fixes together. Create as many branches as needing
  to keep each PR focused.
- Do not mix style changes/fixes with “functional” changes. It’s very
  difficult to review such PRs and it most likely get rejected.
- Do not add/remove vertical whitespace. Preserve the original style of
  the file you edit as much as you can.
- Do not turn an already submitted PR into your development playground.
  If after you submitted PR, you discovered that more work is needed -
  close the PR, do the required work and then submit a new PR. Otherwise
  each of your commits requires attention from maintainers of the
  project.
- If, however, you submitted a PR and received a request for changes,
  you should proceed with commits inside that PR, so that the maintainer
  can see the incremental fixes and won’t need to review the whole PR
  again. In the exception case where you realize it’ll take many many
  commits to complete the requests, then it’s probably best to close the
  PR, do the work and then submit it again. Use common sense where you’d
  choose one way over another.

### Do you want to contribute to the documentation?

- Docs are automatically created from the notebooks in the nbs folder.
